This is a head-gum original.
First Zoom record in like two months this sucks.
Don't you prefer the Zoom records to the regulars?
A laugh factory.
Nice!
We did mention this on this act on episode that came out today.
For all of you guys playing head-gum podcasts,
Bingo, there's my slot where I mentioned the day we're recording.
A non-helpful sort of...
Almost, I guess confusing way to start the episode.
Yeah, the episode that came out today
to the people listening to this episode that came out today.
Okay, the episode that came out last Friday.
Oh, I'm confused.
For this episode, can we give a mirror background
since he's like full blue screen for once?
It's not well enough to do it, but I'll do it.
Oh, like actually in post to make it a screen.
I thought you wanted me to choose a Zoom virtual background.
No, it's...
You didn't light it well enough for me to do it perfectly,
but I'll key in the floor to keys or something like that.
Key in a bunch of keys.
I can... let me see if I can turn it.
Maybe I'll key in peel.
Nice.
Yeah, about this.
Worse.
Of course.
Because you have to be lit and the background has to be lit.
So you're putting on the light on this episode.
This episode has to be lit.
Isn't good for the key.
Forget I asked.
We've got Joel done off on the show.
You're looking like very much white men can't jump right now.
I see I was actually worried about my lighting too.
Lighting in my bedroom isn't great.
The sun could go down at any moment.
Yeah, you're really fighting the sun over here.
You also might wipe your webcam, right?
It's very smudgy.
A rosy glow.
I love where it's now.
Yeah.
All right.
If you were doing post effects,
can we do Joel smudges his lens and then he has a mustache for the rest of the show?
No.
Handlebar.
Joel smudges your lens again.
Shoot.
Great.
So I'll put it in between the two smudges.
Because with the last thing I'm going to...
Sorry.
Excuse me.
One second.
The last thing I'm going to do when we're in this December period,
where I'm banking three weeks of work in three weeks,
which is just doubling up three weeks in a row,
is to motion capture,
or at least motion track a fake mustache under Joel.
Because ultimately that's not funny.
And a funny.
Not really.
I think it's a little funny with this after part.
No.
We were talking on the episode with Zack Dunn,
that it's harder for me to be mean to people in the studio.
So here we are back on Zoom.
I'm in a room alone,
so I can say anything I want.
In my own.
Out loud.
And that doesn't hurt your guys.
Just feelings.
Well.
Did you guys see slash listen to last week's episode with Zack?
I saw it was uploaded,
because I always check to make sure that Jeff did his job.
I didn't watch it yet, though.
Joel, I haven't heard of you there.
That was one thing everybody had to do.
No.
Yeah.
I am happy to report that,
for once the head compound cast was not on my Spotify rat.
From just like checking to make sure it's working and things are fine.
So what was on your Spotify rat for podcasts?
Not always sunny pod.
It was the top one.
New comers.
It was the second one.
Gossip Kings.
Of course.
Nice.
And the red flags podcast.
And that one podcast.
That I listened to until I realized what the host was cat coans by friend.
And I couldn't go on.
I ran into Carl Tart the other day at Eden Day.
Oh, we're at Eden Day.
Did you say hi?
Yeah, I said hi.
My roommate, George Sava, works on Grand crew.
So I was like, also you work with my roommate.
And he was like, yeah, George.
That's nice.
That's so great.
Yeah.
There's more to that story that I don't feel comfortable telling right now.
Joel, how's that cock?
You said you got on field.
Let's get a field update.
Joel texted me.
Sorry.
Could be drinking anything right now.
Is that a flat Pepsi?
Is it a red wine?
Is it a, a Mr. Pib?
Joel's Mr. Pib.
First field date went swimming.
What?
What powdered lime?
Actually, that's my, my big plug.
Why don't we?
Let's take it the Marie.
Right?
I have a lot.
I have a lot to talk about.
Let's do a 15 minutes of Brownlee.
And then we can get to the real stuff.
You can show that to obviously tell she loved that movie.
It's my favorite movie.
The air probably.
Wow.
I've watched it with her.
Your fifth favorite.
Hmm.
You said five.
So I was like, oh, you're fifth favorite.
What if I was doing an Irish accent for dinner?
Joel texted me.
First field date went swimmingly.
So really, in a way, you spread me a bit of joy.
And transitively.
I said, canyon.
This is a joy to hear.
An oraborous of exaltation for the both of us.
I did say this.
You didn't respond.
Yeah.
I mean, you can't say it now.
I can't say this.
Not that he didn't say it.
Yeah.
Marie could go on.
I have no idea what any of that meant to be on.
Is the name of the person you went on a date with?
Yes.
Oh, I thought I'd talk about the canyon.
Okay.
No.
I don't know what that is.
Got it.
Uh, Marieka.
Do you want me to talk?
We haven't done about anything.
In a while, let's do a Marieka takes the reins for seven minutes.
Seven.
She did, she did say before you came on a mirror that she has a lot to go over.
Yeah.
Well, it was prompted.
Or Jeff asked me what was wrong with me.
I think, or something to that effect.
And I said that I was falling apart.
And part of that is because of the heroing thing that I experienced yesterday.
Which is actually like seriously bad.
But I will make light of it because it was crazy.
I want to see the movie bones and all.
At a movie theater.
The AMC 34th Street Theater.
I had been there.
Meer days ago to see glass onion.
But I went back to the exact same theater.
The theater 12 on the top floor.
To see bones and all movie.
Starting to Mithi Shalame.
Taylor Russell.
Candles.
Watching the movie.
Having a kind of stressful time.
There's a lot of stuff going on in my row.
I was in the back row.
There were like phones going off.
At one point, two ushers came up.
Both aisles.
Checked on something.
Like someone in the row.
Waved.
And then they left.
Before the movie.
Someone came up.
And was like looking for a specific chair.
And then was like messing with the settings.
And like trying to fix it.
I think.
Someone left their headphones.
And of course, they came back to the theater.
Right.
As the movie was starting to get them.
Just a lot going on.
So I was in the theater.
Just like a little stressed.
It's also like a little bit scary of a movie.
I don't know if anyone's seen it.
I won't spoil what happens.
But in the last five minutes when arguably a lot is going on.
In this movie about cannibals.
I look over to the man that is sitting directly next to me.
And his dick is out of his pants.
And he out of his zipper.
Yes.
And I leaned over to my friend.
And I was like the man next to me is masturbating.
Sure.
Yeah.
And she was like.
Move towards me.
Then I was like, I'm going to get up.
Am I going to miss anything crazy?
And she was like, yes.
And so I just exited my seat.
I didn't bring any of my stuff with me.
And I just walked.
And I stood in the hallway for the rest of the movie.
And I watched standing immediately left.
It was truly crazy.
Can't stop thinking about it.
Obviously because why so many reasons.
And then I tweeted her all.
I got a lot of it.
Got a lot of those responses.
Classic.
I did tweet my review.
Which is basically like I couldn't review this movie.
Because the man next to me had it in the last five minutes.
But that's more than a dick out.
That's like a.
Yeah.
No, for sure.
My friend said afterwards.
He like just covered it with his phone.
And I'm like, what?
I don't know.
That's how small it is.
By the way.
I own mini.
Yeah.
He had the 12 mini.
Also his phone kept going off the entire movie.
Like every five minutes it would like have.
It would be.
And I went.
My friend.
Oh, Amber alerts.
What was the state of this man?
Was it like a dignified old man?
Who was it a Ram Munchy teen?
An older man.
Like.
He seemed.
Fine.
I felt like.
What are you doing?
Well, there was a lot of stuff going on.
And I feel like, you know, sometimes people go to movie theaters to sleep.
Like they sneak in or whatever.
And you're like, just to like sit for a while.
And I felt like there was someone else in the theater that was doing that.
Because it was like, I don't know.
They had like a ton of bags with them.
Like a huge book bag.
A little weird.
But this guy, he walked up to his seat.
He sat down.
He sat down on the headphones that the man later.
So he was like, are these yours?
I said no.
He put them in the seat next to him.
And we carried on.
But like, it wasn't like I didn't hear like, I saw him occasionally like shifting like this.
I did.
I felt like a little uncomfortable vibes for me.
I couldn't really tell why, but I chalked it up to watching a movie about cannibals.
We're like.
It's just like, who can you trust?
So he was jammed out of the cannibal part.
I mean, it was like a significantly bloody like.
God.
Every like the culmination of the movie.
Kind of.
So that was crazy.
Yeah, a lot of weird responses to my tweet as well.
Someone tagged Jeff and one.
And it's like.
I don't know.
Get off the internet for a night.
Really like laughing or really like legitimately traumatized.
Like how many jokes should we make right now about it?
Yeah.
I mean, no.
I was making jokes.
I was talking about it very loud.
I was exiting the theater.
I just wanted everyone around to be aware.
God.
Yeah.
Did you tell on him?
No.
Because like, I like how.
You know what I mean?
Like kind of a waste of your time, I guess.
Yeah.
I have to imagine he like snuck into the theater,
which honestly, like, there was a woman sitting by the escalator on the bottom floor that barely checked me in.
Like, I almost walked faster.
So I could see how that would happen.
But yeah, I was like, I, who am I going to tell?
Like, what is I going to do?
But I mean, ultimately I can make fun of it.
But it was terrible.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
And now that movie is written for me.
Did you like it aside from that before you realize the, the faculty?
Yeah.
I will.
The other thing that I was that is kind of like the joke that I was originally going to make,
which I decided was too bad to make.
But then became fine when this happened was, I, my review for the movie was almost going to be.
Army Hammer watching this and jerking off.
Uh, I was going to make an Army Hammer joke.
Uh, so yeah.
So now it's fine to make.
Um, but I mean, did we, did we pull out that it was him?
That was perfect time storytelling.
Seven minutes of murica takes the reins and she wrapped it up.
That's the seventh minute.
Um, seven minutes.
Hell.
Ha ha.
Ha.
hilarious casting, by the way, the Timothy Shalemay's not movie.
He's kind of great in it.
I don't know.
He's like, he's like, he's, he's being real weird on it.
It's really good.
Yeah.
I enjoyed him.
They're like, how, what was the inspiration for this character?
And he's like, well.
Uh, that's my heart.
That's my heart.
It's the music.
We do have to move on.
Uh, we can talk more about and that you be a problem.
Like, I don't want to move on.
And you're just sweeping this whole thing under the rug.
Go on, Tom.
Like, Marika, we actually can't move on.
Exactly.
But yeah, let's hear what's what's going on.
Gordon get covers as the guy co lizard or some shit.
Well, it was going to be bond of the week.
But um, yeah.
Like, do you all talk about it with Django next to everything?
Talk it.
That's all right.
Um, that's nice.
That's horrible.
That's a non-consensual sexual experience.
Yeah.
For sure.
That sucks.
I'm sorry that happened.
That's okay.
Internalized it.
I'm going to go for it one day.
Um, Madonna is my bond of the week.
Lines.
Edward.
In glass onion.
Specifically a character Miles Brown.
That's good.
Did you like that movie?
I got it.
Did you see it?
No.
I didn't see the first one either.
Joel.
Shit.
I'll go Will Smith.
I think he needs like if there was just one slap scene in the movie, it would go viral.
I think that would undo all of the press that he's currently doing to read.
Juvenate his figure that is ultimately fine because no one cares anymore.
The emancipation style.
I mean, you're a bond of the week.
You already did your recent run.
Um, you know, that's over.
What?
I was going to say Anthony Fauci.
Evan hasn't come up as a bond before.
It's a, I remember everyone's.
Yeah.
You know how they do to casino royals.
This will be the second doctor.
No.
Because that's kind of what he did for like two years.
He was like, he was a doctor who's telling you no.
You can't do that.
Yeah.
Laugh there.
Can somebody?
Yeah.
That's what you like.
I had a good podcast.
Fandom.com.
What kind of whatever those things are page that the style of the bonds of the week?
Yeah.
It would take a few weeks to put it all together.
But we'd appreciate it.
Yeah.
Let's just do a Wikipedia page because that's more legitimate.
That would help me get very nice.
It's not a week.
Yeah.
I get.
I mean, that's the first place that I go for any relevant information.
I skip them over time.
Because I'm like, I was easily crazy.
Crazed fans.
The editing of these pages will be nearly.
Do you want to know something really sad and weird that I did recently?
I can't do that.
So I want to see this movie.
I was trying to look up a really niche reference to the Netflix series, the Punisher,
to respond to a text from my friend.
And then I couldn't find it in the fandom article.
But I got so enthralled in the plot description.
But I read the entire plot description of every.
Of a movie you've seen.
No.
Yeah.
Well, I have seen it.
But it's multiple TV shows.
Like every plot that the Punisher was involved in in the Marvel Netflix universe.
Written out.
And it wasn't written well.
Clear mistakes.
So why did you read it, man?
I don't know.
This is great.
I've never seen this.
I'm feeling normal.
I've rarely gotten a word in edge wise.
Amira is his normal, sinewy, deplorable self.
But Marika is coming in with that Friday feeling.
Woo.
All right.
A white lotus mister.
This is news of the day.
Actually, you know what?
Let's take a quick break.
Thanks, my sponsors.
Hoping the show does a little bit better financially next year.
Hear me, Bob.
Guys, sometimes you just wish that life came with a user manual, right?
Whether you start a new job or project or a new relationship,
or have any struggles within your family's core.
Sometimes it's like, what am I supposed to do here?
Right?
And that's why better help online therapy is here.
Because it is the next best thing to a user manual for life.
Because unfortunately, life doesn't come with a user manual.
So when it's not working for you, it's normal to feel stuck.
And navigating any of life's challenges can make you feel unsure whether it's a career
change, a new relationship, or becoming a parent.
Therapists are trained to help you figure out the cause of challenging emotions
and learn productive coping skills, which makes therapy the closest thing
to a guided tour of the complex engine that can.
Called you.
I've been therapy every week.
I've said the same thing on every ad read for this.
It really is important if you want to be the best version of yourself
and show up for the people that you care about and the people around you
as the best version of yourself.
As the world's largest therapy service, better help has matched 3 million people
with professionally licensed and vetted therapists available 100% online.
Plus, it's affordable.
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to match with a therapist.
And if things aren't clicking, you can easily switch to a new therapist
at any time.
It couldn't be simpler.
No waiting rooms.
No traffic.
No endless searching for the right therapist.
Learn more and save 10% off your first month at betterhelp.com slash.
What's that?
Again, that's betterhelp.com slash.
Thanks, better help.
Let's take it into news of the day.
For the Wall Street Journal, a white lotus mystery.
Constant hotel dining.
I'm so, I was so happy when I saw this headline because I was like, yeah,
these people are all like really rich.
They wouldn't be eating at the hotel every single night.
They're in Sicily.
Maybe it's not more of a remote location.
And it has like a world star restaurant.
Every night, they said these decadent television characters can afford any meal anywhere.
Why do they stick with the same in-house menu?
Oh, like the characters in season two.
Yeah.
The hotel.
Well, actually some of them have been going off to yachts and day trips and night trips
and stuff like that.
So that's not entirely accurate.
Well, Christopher from the sopranos and his family always
eats at the restaurant every single night.
I'm like, and they all look so complacent.
I'm like, that's what, like, vacations are for breaking your routine, Joel.
Yeah, but there's something nice about going to the same restaurant every single night.
You're also kind of great father.
What's that?
They're kind of depressed.
What an impish smile or mirror just had.
Sorry, I'm trying to sit down.
This is actually one of my favorite underrated tweets of my own recently.
Can I read it?
Yeah.
Okay.
Please.
Um,
Rumpy Stilt Skin.
An imp, barters for a daughter slash also has a fucking dump truck.
Is that what happens in Rumpel Stilt Skin?
Yeah, like a hunchback barters for a dart.
No, that's Rapunzel.
That's Rapunzel.
Oh, Rumpy Stilt Skin.
Did you guys get it?
I don't remember who Rumpel Stilt.
Rump?
He like trades gold for a daughter.
I was, I was confusing him with Raspian.
Oh, real person.
Yeah.
Um, all right.
Discuss.
Lake Belle jokes that she's straight up a better parent on weed.
What do we think?
I think it really sucks that Lake Belle was killed off in the beginning of Black Panther.
What kind of forever?
I think it really sucks that I've only been to her house once.
Hmm.
Did you just let her die?
Because you should go more.
Because I should be invited for a weekly dinner, Gilmour Girl style.
Oh.
Did you in Gilmour Girls?
No.
But they haven't.
I don't know that.
Yes.
Shit.
I should pay Rory back because for the grandparents paid for Rory's college.
Yeah.
I think you're a Logan.
Is that someone in Gilmour Girls?
Because if it was, I would know.
It's not.
It is.
It's her third boyfriend.
Oh.
I'm a Luke.
Hmm.
And I will run a diner one day.
Okay.
I never watched Gilmour Girls, but I don't believe you're a Luke.
You're not a like flannel and hat sky.
What?
Come here.
I'm on your Twitter.
I didn't.
You never tweeted the rumples.
You're last.
Did you delete it?
Because it was a so underrated.
Imagine dying during a massage.
That's your most recent one.
Thinking about going to my work.
Because someday whatever.
That one got Marika.
I just like.
It was of your face and the little thing.
And someone like continues beating into.
First of all, you died at minute 14.
The rumples still skin.
And they're like, wow, so tense.
Hollywood can make you miserable.
White lotus star.
I'll re-plaza.
Just laugh it off.
A mirror.
Does Hollywood make you miserable?
Not me personally.
Because I haven't had much success.
But I can see why the entire industry is toxic and structured in such a way that most people
either fail or have a terrible time succeeding.
Okay.
That was depressing.
Shit.
The U.S. city with the most coffee shops per capita isn't what you'd expect.
Where do you think we see at all?
Where do you guys think it is?
Is it a city we've heard of like a big city like Denver or is it like a random small city like concord New Hampshire?
It's a top 10 U.S. city.
Wow.
Phoenix.
Boston.
I'll say Miami.
Believe it or not, San Francisco actually is packed with the most coffee shops per capita.
It's not terribly surprising.
Or is it like a small, densely populated city?
Yeah.
Not that many people live there.
I'm so worried.
This is per slate.
I'm so worried my kid is becoming that kid.
How can I keep that from happening?
Don't send them to the University of Chicago.
So you think you're that kid?
That kids are a term that you Chicago students used to refer to the students that like ask for homework or like raise their hand constantly.
Just a general annoying nuisance in class.
Like a picnic girl, but for classmates.
I don't know what a picnic girl is.
A picnic girl is like a female.
Yeah.
Oh, that's cool.
What?
They want to be the only girl in the room and they're like, oh, like I'm such a guy's girl.
And it's like they try and push other women down well.
A cool girl?
No.
And not like other girls actually not like a cool girl.
No, that's a bad kid move.
This article had my jaw on the floor.
This person's judging his kids so quickly.
My five-year-old had a fairly smooth transition to kindergarten after only limited preschool experiences because of COVID.
He seemed to have friends be well-elected by his classmates and is testing academically at about average or a little above.
He's definitely.
Academally?
Let's academically.
Like somebody named Emily or.
Sorry, continue.
Carry on.
My therapist.
It was your name.
Bye, hard.
Shut up, Fred.
At our first quarterly conference with this teacher this week, we were pretty blindsided to hear that he's been having a tough week.
He's been struggling to stop talking slash fidgeting when asked.
He's disrupting the class by chatting or not keeping his hands to himself, etc.
It seems like his impulse control, which I would say has been at an age-appropriate level until recently has really slipped in the classroom.
This kid is five.
I'm out of loss and I'm freaked out.
Is something wrong?
Do we need to evaluate him for something?
I have so many theories.
He's been out sick with the flu.
He's overstimulated.
He's struggling to adjust and on and on.
I have no idea which of these may be accurate.
It sounds like this particular class is a tough bunch overall.
I'm terrified my child is going to earn a reputation as a bad kid and worse internalize that himself.
Or worse that.
Or worse that kid.
There were worse that kid.
This is interesting.
My mom was just telling me how no parent can objectively evaluate their own child.
So the fact that this parent thinks his child is average at impulse control and about average academically might mean they've never been good at any of these things.
Yeah.
Average isn't good, I would say.
So I'm like descending into darkness here.
Moreally.
4 or 4 p.m.
We see you open in Fandango.
Yeah, it sucks for that kid I guess.
Yeah.
When the name of a movie is cocaine bear, a bear being cocaine.
You can expect critics to snort.
But the bonkers trailer has moviegoers salivating to see the film featuring a bear high on coke and barked on a murderous rampage.
Shark NATO but for bears but on cocaine.
And then there's that tease inspired by true events.
This much at least is true.
Millions of dollars worth of cocaine fell from the sky this morning in Knoxville, Tennessee.
That did happen in 1985.
When a drug smuggler named Andrew Thornton died in someone's backyard,
when he jumped from a small plane with bricks of cocaine and a duffel bag attached to it.
It looked like a gentleman jumped out of an airplane with a power sheet just too small for his load.
Before he jumped, he apparently dumped other cocaine filled bags and a 170 pound bear was found dead among the drugs on a Georgia hillside.
Officials said he, oh, deed, the movie shows the bear dining on coke.
The real bear died from the drugs and there was no killing spree.
It's believed the stuffed bear eventually ended up in a place called the Kentucky for Kentucky Fun Mall,
where you can buy cocaine bear earrings.
And even what they call a blow globe does not contain cocaine.
A poor guy is being compared to Scarface.
Poor guy.
Some are calling him Pablo Escobair.
A nickname even a coke-dop bear might not take lying down.
Genie moats.
CNN.
New York.
What do we think?
We sort of want about Drake giving DJ Khaled for toilets.
It's the, I'm excited for cocaine bear seems really dumb.
Yeah.
We don't have time.
Maybe next episode.
Four toilets seems like a lot though.
I also, my friend really likes one of the stars of that movie.
Alden, whatever his last name is.
The guy that was the young Han Solo and Solo, a Star Wars story.
So I knew about this movie for a long time, just by the name cocaine bear.
Yeah.
Surely this is just a strange or named movie.
But it's, it's what it sounds like.
I'm here.
How would you go about giving someone four toilets?
Right.
You'd have to deliver them.
Just the installation alone would cost that person over a thousand dollars.
Would I guess it's fine?
I'm not like, can you tell it has themselves?
It's also like, you just have someone for four toilets.
You have four extra bathroom.
I think if you answered, if you call it, if he could.
He doesn't call toilets.
He'd say, yes, for sure.
He said he'd say nothing's impossible.
That's good.
I gave you to be toilets and then he'd be like another one.
And then they get all right.
Fine.
Yeah.
I think it probably went something like Drake was like,
Let me get you this really special toilet board and he's like,
another one.
Let me get you these toilets now.
That's too Drake.
Yo.
Hi.
Can you evaluate that?
I said this is me.
I got you a toilet.
Yeah.
That's bad.
No, man.
I got the DJ collard impression.
Really?
Oh, pee.
Yeah.
Really?
They're both bad.
They're just like, like, you like, you like, you like, you look like.
You're just like not to be.
Not to be a DJ collard.
You need like, one line at the beginning of the song.
I think you could fill in for him.
We the best toilet.
Is that him?
Yeah.
We the best, yeah.
You know, I got you a toilet though.
Uh, welcome to Shopify RAPT.
Everybody's been looking at their Spotify RAPT this week of your most listen to artists.
But I thought it would be interesting to do Shopify RAPT, which is a company man.
Yeah, yeah.
Grace cut that out.
It was fine.
What I need you guys to do is I need you to open your email inbox and search Shopify order.
And then we're all going to go one by one and list the first five results
that are actual Shopify orders.
And that'll be our Shopify RAPT.
What do we think?
Well, I actually have a difference.
Yeah.
I'll actually a really big note.
Okay.
I'm going to read you.
You can go first thing.
Yeah.
Well, first off I was going to say I don't think I'll have anything just confirmed.
I don't.
But what I'm actually interested in is
I have a white elephant party
that I'm going to tomorrow that I don't have a gift for.
All right.
So like if instead, like,
maybe Maria has a good gift idea for me.
Well, why don't we do our Shopify RAPT because what you're describing is just a discussion that's
mostly unrelated.
And then maybe some of our previous purchases will spark joy slash inspiration.
Sure.
I don't have anything from Shopify.
Neither today.
Maria.
Uh, me neither.
However,
what I could do is log into the
headgun email for the store and just read everyone's information.
That's ordered.
Which is my exact point.
Like this.
It's not a game.
It's just like an interesting thing to be doing.
It's like when you're playing cards with friends,
but then you're talking about other shit Shopify isn't a
store.
It's an e-commerce platform that other stores use.
So if you say shop if just look at our recent orders.
Fine.
Let's go.
In recent orders.
Well, you do Amazon, but that's a kind of boring.
Like a shampoo toilet paper.
Shut up.
All right.
Here we go.
Sense of place wines.
I ordered some, you know,
noir online because I found this wine that I really like from Monterey County.
That's number one.
So sad, man.
Number two.
Oh, we're not going around in a circle.
I think it's just Jeff trying to sort of brag about buying stuff online.
Yeah.
It's just like that too.
It's wild.
Maybe that's interesting, but I just thought this would be interesting,
because that's what's going on in the ether right now.
Right.
Spotify is not shopify.
Got a buddy for toilets here.
Nothing that exciting.
Um,
I was only prepared with my shopify stuff.
Well, do your shopify stuff.
If you look at some of it, it was funky.
Personal.
Then don't yell at us.
Because how are you not going to end up reading the personal stuff?
Uh, uh,
Hi.
This is good.
Uh, a signed steely Dan Asia record that I got for somebody for Christmas.
That's nice of you.
Here we go.
A cream cable net.
Fisherman sweater.
Jeff, don't you normal on a recent episode that we learn that you are limiting your spending
to only necessities and the things that have been in your orders list.
Our, uh,
steely Dan record wine that you like and a fisherman sweater.
First of all.
And you live in LA.
First of all,
I resent the implication that wine is not an necessity.
Second of all, the steely Dan record is a gift for an important person in my life,
who I need to impress.
And that's not a, that's not an necessity.
And the fisherman sweater was a birthday gift to myself.
All right.
Also, I didn't say I was limiting my spending to nothing.
I don't need.
I just said I was trying to rain in my expenses, which I have been doing.
I have $10,000 in VT sex.
What's that?
Joel knows.
I don't.
It's a van yard.
Joel.
Like Joel.
Lean back like a foot.
Are you in full darkness?
What are your guys's last four online orders?
I just bought your socks today.
Um,
Ando.
Marina wool no show socks for Pat charcoal black.
I got something for you Jeff.
My friend that I always go bike riding with never wears a helmet.
So I bought him a helmet for his birthday to try it on.
It didn't fit.
So then I bought him a new helmet, which I just sent to him.
And you have a review podcast, right?
So I sent him the top review for this item,
which is I have a big head and have problem finding helmets that fit.
This one fits even my king sized dome.
So I think it is pretty good looking.
Yeah.
I don't know, man.
I mean, I look at reviews all the time.
I think that's pretty down the middle.
Well, it fit my friend's head.
So that's the important thing.
Nice.
Um, my Billy Razer subscription reopt.
So that's probably the second thing that I ordered.
I got this cool dilly hat.
Yeah.
Nangers.
All right. Well, this sucked.
Let's just move on.
Jesus man.
Listen, this is this is kind of real.
I just thought this would be a nice way to end this episode.
There's been a lot of hate speech going around yesterday.
Kanye said that Hitler had a lot of good things about him and merit.
And that Naziism isn't bad.
So I thought we could instead of spreading hate speech,
which I don't like the show spreads hate speech,
which spreads hate mostly towards me.
Uh, but I thought we could all go around and say one thing we love about each other.
I'll start because I know you guys don't have anything.
Joel, I think you're a really charismatic guy.
I think that people are magnetized to your personality and smile when you're at a bar.
Maria, when you get out of bar, I take it back.
You're a bar, Joel.
Fuck you.
Really into bars?
Yeah, I think we have.
Maria, go.
Yeah.
When you get into things, you get into things very deeply,
which resonates with me and I appreciate it about you.
I know that if I consume a piece of media,
you've already have consumed it.
And I can ask you any question about it,
and you would know the answer to that question.
That's pretty cool.
Interesting person.
All right.
It's like us.
Joel, Maria.
You guess?
Are you just skipping a mirror?
Oh.
I like that in the, oh, here's something else.
I like that in the past couple of years.
You kind of ramed it in content was.
Right.
Like you're not like trying to make pilots anymore.
You're not even really doing Jake in a mirror videos anymore,
which you guys like.
Started doing again and then I stopped.
You're having less of a digital footprint is good to me.
That's also why I'm wishing for the demise of Twitter.
This is all a compliment.
I'm saying I'm glad that you've very not really.
And I'm proud of you for that.
I think that shows a great compliment.
It's a compliment because I think you're realizing what your strong suits are
and where you maybe should disappear.
What's that?
What would you say is my strong suit?
Uh, what was that movie where,
oh, a rest of development that school where it's like a blank boy,
like, you know, is out of sight out of mind.
Oh, that's a millford man.
A millford man.
Yeah.
Is never a millford man.
Ideally you're a millford man in that regard.
This is supposed to be nice.
But yeah.
That's, we share that concern.
No, I'm here.
I think you're, uh,
I think you're really smart and observant of human behavior.
And that's why you can add little isms in your comedy.
That resonate with people.
Making it up entirely done that.
No.
All right.
Now it's, let me popcorn it over to Marika.
Um,
And by the way, we don't go anywhere.
The show doesn't end unless everyone does.
She's trying to put some positivity out there.
Right. Right.
A lot of your positivity for me was that I do less and that you're proud of me.
Then you thought of an arrest development joke.
Then you said I do stand up or something.
Marika.
Um,
Joel has been a great person to
Sharon office space with.
And it's always very,
This is so badly worth it.
Uh, you're always very,
like open to doing things with everyone.
And you're always there for the free lunch,
which I really respect.
Uh,
and I like having you in the office.
That's not good enough to my past.
Go on.
Oh, that was good.
Joel on King.
Um.
I'm.
Amir is.
Celebrating so early.
I'm not.
No, I, I really appreciate that you.
Come to me for theater recommendations for yourself and your family.
Uh,
I think that's really fun.
And I like giving those out.
So I am.
I'm glad that I can view that person for you.
Broadway expert sort of a cold compliment to yourself.
But I'll take it.
I ordered wine from Monterey.
Well, the, the nice aspect of it was that I recommended a show for
my parents to see and they liked it a lot.
And they, he sent me the their response, which was very cute.
And that made me happy.
Jeff is.
I'm so bad at those kind of thing.
Um.
No, that's all right.
You don't know.
No, genuinely, genuinely.
I.
Really enjoy being your friend.
And have for the past five years or whatever.
It's been great watching you grow up.
How much older than me are you four years?
Three.
You're 28.
Yeah.
Um.
Thanks.
But you always felt like a child that was around.
I feel like it still do.
Well, it's, it's also like I was so used to being that person like the younger person in
friend groups because I like graduating early in stuff.
So it was fun to have someone else that like took over that role.
I'll take it.
But genuinely.
Uh, your, your great pal.
Thanks.
This is also, by the way, just a midway point of why decided to do this.
This, this is the ultimate way to make people uncomfortable.
People always ask me like, what's your podcast about?
I'm like, it's really hard to explain.
But it's basically like a panel show hosted by a maniac.
And I just try to make people really uncomfortable.
This is the most uncomfortable anyone's ever been on the show.
Let's take it over to Joel.
You're asking us to be sincere and vulnerable.
Let's do a mirror, actually, because I know that a mirror is going to have
the hardest time.
And I don't want to end it on his sour.
I'm here.
Joel is brilliant and incredibly hardworking and talented.
He's also a perfect personality fit.
It seems to never get stressed out.
Always down to hang out.
Great sense of humor.
Can, you know, program and also do the Hedigan podcast.
Rare to find someone who can do those things.
He loves basketball.
Appreciate that about him.
Always down to talk hoops.
Always down to play hoops.
I heard it's very athletic and good at basketball.
This is a lot.
Marika is incredibly hardworking.
You know, the backbone of Hedigan makes sure that everything runs on time never gets to,
like, stressed out despite having to deal with so much shit from everybody at the company.
Constantly is down to make Hedigan a better place.
Whether it be through live shows or make sure that like all the ads are served on time.
Making sure that, you know, little things get done and huge things get done all at the same time.
One man wrecking crew.
And, you know, is one of the reasons.
Probably the biggest reason that Hedigan is where it is is because of Marika.
And we have that all on record.
So, Marika, I want to, we'll all clip this out for you to send in an email to Marty,
demanding at least 120,000 a year.
If you're not already thinking that.
Jeff is always kind of like down to figure out like different, like, I couldn't wear what Jeff wears.
No way.
It wouldn't fit for one.
Yeah, but it doesn't fit him either, so.
You can't rock like log socks and blunt stones.
I, we both seemingly equally cannot, but Jeff is down to.
Which, um, yeah, onto the jewels.
By the way, if those were, you know, on TikTok, drummers will like drum to the rhythm of comedy.
Yeah.
That would be too perfectly executed jazz drumming solos.
And then like a toddler learning the tambourine bad.
There's a ways of events for good to everybody.
How quickly and effortlessly they came for Joel and Marika, and then for me, you stumbled into it.
Well, I do.
I do also feel like a mirror is in a position where he has to evaluate employees in that sort of way.
And like, you're not really fully an employee, so he doesn't really have to do that with you.
Right.
Oh, yeah.
He was like, he was like prepared for us.
Hmm.
Joel.
I'll start Marika, so I think that's the easiest.
You know, Marika is great at meeting people where they are.
Feel like, like, the, when there's, you sort of, you always know that she has your back.
Like, in the office, I feel like if there's like a gym moment, writing to sort of look at someone and like, we both know like that was funny or weird.
Marika's like the person for that.
And just has a kind and understanding heart and is always great to be around.
Thanks, Joel.
I mean, I guess it's cool that you're the boss, but you don't really act like it as in.
You act like one of the responsibilities.
Good, or bad.
Yeah.
Like, you're sort of very down to hanging out with all of us underlings.
Whether it's shooting hoops, talking hoops, just being yourself cracking the same jokes that we hear on here all the time.
Whether good or not.
Classic.
And then Jeffrey, you know, it's interesting hanging out with Jeffrey.
I think you, I think Jeff is actually a very, uh, we usually stop around the 50 minute mark.
That was a hit dumb original.
You